---
layout: banner 
#collection: "projects"
title: Venue 
description: "ICDM 2025"
header_transparent: true

hero:
  enabled: true
  heading: "ICDM 2025"
  sub_heading: "The 25th IEEE International Conference on Data Mining"
  text_color: "#FFFFFF"
#  text_color: "#000"
#  background_color: "#1d2830"
#  background_color: "#8a5020"
  background_color: "#888"
#  background_color: "#CC5500"
#  background_color: "#FF7F50"
#  background_color: "#D2B48C"
  
#  background_gradient: true
  background_image: "/assets/images/gen/dc1.jpg"
  background_image_blend_mode: overlay # "overlay", "multiply", "screen"
  fullscreen_mobile: false
  fullscreen_desktop: false
  height: "600px"
---

## ICDM 2025 
The next ICDM will take place on November 12-15, 2025 in Washington, DC, USA. Please find more details at [https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~icdm2025/index.html](https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~icdm2025/index.html).


## Conference description
The IEEE International Conference on Data Mining (ICDM) has established itself as the world’s premier research conference in data mining. It provides an international forum for sharing original research results, as well as for exchanging and disseminating innovative and practical development experiences. The conference covers all aspects of data mining, including algorithms, software, systems, and applications. ICDM draws researchers, application developers, and practitioners from a wide range of data mining-related areas, such as big data, deep learning, pattern recognition, statistical and machine learning, databases, data warehousing, data visualization, knowledge-based systems, high-performance computing, and large models. By promoting novel, high-quality research findings and innovative solutions to challenging data mining problems, the conference seeks to advance the state of the art in data mining.

Topics of interest

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:
* Foundations, algorithms, models, and theory of data mining, including big data mining.
* Machine learning, deep learning, and statistical methods for big data.
* Mining heterogeneous data sources, including text, semi-structured, spatio-temporal, streaming, graph, web, and multimedia data
* Data mining systems and platforms for analyzing big data, including methods for parallel and distributed data mining, federated learning, and their efficiency, scalability, security, and privacy
* Data mining for modeling, visualization, personalization, and recommendation
* Data mining for cyber-physical systems and complex, time-evolving networks
* Data mining with large language models
* Novel applications of data mining in data science, including big data analysis in social sciences, physical sciences, engineering, life sciences, climate science, web, marketing, finance, precision medicine, health informatics, and other domains

We particularly encourage submissions in emerging topics of high importance, such as ethical data analytics, automated data analytics, data-driven reasoning, interpretable modeling, modeling with evolving environments, multi-modal data mining, and heterogeneous data integration and mining.


